# PySeatingChart
This was my first python coding project. It was used to create assigned seating for physics exams.
In the spirit of "perfect is the enemy of good," I decided to post code that is imperfect, not fully featured, but I used it and am pretty proud of it. 
The task was to assign students to seats randomly for tests. Pre-pandemic, I had used a Mathematica code written by a colleague for this task. When we went back to in-person testing, I decided to write my own code. It helped my motivation that we lost the Mathematica license! I did not know much Python when I started. The first iteration just spat out a list of seats for me to cut and paste into the class rosters. I used Friday afternoons when there were no lab training meetings for me to lead to try to learn some Python and each time I made seating charts for tests, the code got a little more sophisticated. I had hoped to implement automated left hand seat assignments and include a version with photos and names before I posted this publicly. I'm no longer in need of this functionality, have learned about pandas dataframes as an analytics student, and have lots of homework to keep me busy. 

Making this project perfect is not a priority. It is a testament to my willingness to try to learn something on my own and to automate an annoying and repetitive process. Looking back on it, I can see how much like a "C" programmer the structure is. There was very little use of Python's vectorized abilities. It worked and helped me do this task for the 5 to 10 physics sections for every test in the fall and spring of my final year as coordinator. Now it is serving as my way to learn to make a public github site. 
